Add JPilot-C board (#31100)
ArduPilot/ardupilot: libraries/AP_HAL_ChibiOS/hwdef/JPilot-C/README.md

| 63 |  | 5V IN |
| 64 | *not conn.* | *reserved* |
| 65 | *not conn.* | *reserved* |
| 66 | PD13 | PWM8 |
| 67 | PE13 | SPI EXT MISO |
| 68 | PD12 | PWM7 |
| 69 | *not conn.* | *reserved* |
| 70 | PA3 | PWM6 |
| 71 | *not conn.* | *reserved* |
| 72 | PA2 | PWM5 |
| 73 | PE12 | SPI EXT SCK |
| 74 | PA1 | PWM4 |
| 75 | *not conn.* | *reserved* |
| 76 | PA0 | PWM3 |
| 77 | PB9/PB8/PD3 | CAN L 1 |
| 78 | PB1 | PWM2 |
| 79 | PB9/PB8/PD3  | CAN H 1 |
| 80 | PB0 | PWM1 |

## UART Mapping

|Serial#|Port      |
|-------|----------|
|Serial0|USB (OTG1)|
|Serial1|UART7     |
|Serial2|USART1    |
|Serial3|USART2    |
|Serial4|USART3    |
|Serial5|UART8     |
|Serial6|UART4     |

## CAN Ports

There are 2 CAN buses available, each with a 120 Ohm termination resistor built-in.

## PWM Output

JPilot-C supports up to 14 PWM outputs with D-Shot.

The PWM outputs are in 5 groups:

- PWM 1 & 2 in group 1
- PWM 3 - 6 in group 2
- PWM 7 - 10 in group 3
- PWM 11 & 12 in group 4
- PWM 13 & 14 in group 5

Channels within the same group need to use the same output rate. If any channel in a group uses D-Shot then all channels in the group need to use D-Shot.

## RC Input

> Any of the serial ports can be used for a bidirectional RC connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any of the serial ports can be used for a bidirectional RC connection. Change its ``SERIALx_PROTOCOL`` to "23" and follow the instructions in :ref:`common-rc-systems` to other setup info for the RC system being used.
```

## Battery Monitor

The board has internal voltage sensors and connection for external current sensors, able to monitor two batteries.
The default battery parameters are:

> - :ref: BATT_MONITOR<BATT_MONITOR> 4

Reviewer: since we(I) no longer automatically create individual wiki pages for each board and only directly link this readme, this format can now be simplified so it appears better on md views:
ie.
:ref: BATT_VOLT_PIN<BATT_VOLT_PIN__AP_BattMonitor_Analog> 10
can be just
BATT_VOLT_PIN 10

not a blocker,change if you wish

- :ref: BATT_VOLT_PIN<BATT_VOLT_PIN__AP_BattMonitor_Analog> 10
- :ref: BATT_CURR_PIN<BATT_CURR_PIN__AP_BattMonitor_Analog> 11
- :ref: BATT_VOLT_MULT<BATT_VOLT_MULT__AP_BattMonitor_Analog> 11
- :ref: BATT_AMP_PERVLT<BATT_AMP_PERVLT__AP_BattMonitor_Analog> 40
- :ref: BATT2_VOLT_PIN<BATT2_VOLT_PIN__AP_BattMonitor_Analog> 18
- :ref: BATT2_CURR_PIN<BATT2_CURR_PIN__AP_BattMonitor_Analog> 7
- :ref: BATT2_VOLT_MULT<BATT2_VOLT_MULT__AP_BattMonitor_Analog> 11
- :ref: BATT2_AMP_PERVLT<BATT2_AMP_PERVLT__AP_BattMonitor_Analog> 40

## Analog pins

These analog pins are used in addition to battery monitoring:

- Servo rail voltage (up to 10V, ADC1 CH8)
- VDD 5V supply voltage (up to 6V, ADC1 CH19)

> - Analog airspeed (up to 6V, pin ADC2 CH4), note that an I2C module is recommended instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Analog airspeed (up to 6V, pin "4"), note that an I2C module is recommended instead
```
